let's bring in thk Abu aoom he is in
canun in the southern part of the Gaza
Strip we have seen pictures thic of
those Israeli strikes bringing down
multi-story residential buildings in
jabalia what's the latest you're hearing
about the situation
there yes Elizabeth the attack on
jabalia refugee camp had been renewed
during the last couple of hours
targeting multiple residential houses in
one the same uh neighborhood in the
north uh of the Gaza Strip as 11
Palestinians have been killed due to
this air strike While others are still
under the Ruffles waiting for the civil
defense team to be evacuated from the uh
from the location of the targeting as
Israeli forces had intensified the rates
and the domains of its attacks in the
north of the Gaza Strip including
jabalia refugee camp it's also uh
important to mention that jabalia
refugee camp has been multiply attacked
by the Israeli occupation forces in
multiple occasions as hundreds of
civilians have been killed in this uh
small refugee Camp which considered to
be the most densely populated uh refugee
camp inside the Gaza Strip it's it's
also essential to know that people are
still inside this refugee camp
Sheltering in United Nations shelters
and even in the vicinity of the the
Indonesian hospital where they are
running extremely low in food and water
and they cannot really have any safe
passage out of the uh north of their
territory as Israel keeps pounding
everyone is moving in inside the uh
territory as also the attacks continue
even in the southern areas of Gaza Strip
which considered to be safe for evacuees
yeah we have a situation where
residential areas across Gaza are being
bombed but people are not able to get
the care they need after being injured
in those bombings if they've survived
those bombings at hospitals what is the
situation in hospitals now tar we heard
from the head of the Indonesian Hospital
saying they can't take in any more
patients they're already unable to care
for those who are
there
that's true simply because the hospitals
have been absolutely uh running out of
service during due to the Israeli
Relentless attacks and the massive
shortage of medical supplies also the
capacity of the beds inside the
hospitals are completely reach slits as
they are no longer able to have more
patients and injured people it's also
worth mentioning that these hospitals
were witnessing massive and even clear
deterioration in the medical conditions
as they were running low in terms of a
fuel uh
since the early beginning of this war as
the ongoing blackout of electricity
started after the attack of Hamas
movement on the 7th of uh uh generally
October what is also essential to know
about the hospitals is that patients are
on the ground taking uh taking even uh
receiving medical treatment by doctors
who are trying to provide manual
primitive ways of medical care for those
patients and the ongoing lack of medical
supplies and needs and there are also
patients the don't have even enough food
and water to survive so despite even the
difficulty and the the severe uh wounds
that they had they also face hunger as
the as there is no any humanitarian Aid
had been delivered to the hospitals in
the Northern areas of Gaza State the
situation is similar even in a shifa
hospital where Israel is taking full
control preventing anyone moving in the
yards of the hospitals and even did not
afford any safe passage for medical
workers even patients and displaced
people inside this medical complex yeah
just an incredibly dire situation isn't
it Tark that is Tark Abu aoom live for
us in carun in the south of the Gaza
Strip thank
you